I check this out back up look at the
gauges like show my where we are shove
over passing Chevrolet dealer show my
window tinting and that little thing
can't see you
i bought a unibrow hinkle they might you
not alone are you babe gorgeous
I can't get 20
I'm chef got shit mischief mischief
meeting on our
recording a jerk gas up to something
oh the way making that take that fucking
on the one yell great I was about to
roll down the window why can't roll down
the window cuz you tended it Nick good i
like to point to his parking lot to do a
Burnout why are you here my fate cough
in my face go ahead ma'am show them the
man show shut down the header track
that's what we wanted to brown this you
take the bad place here people I did you
see that see what's going 20 miles out a
big one oh I didn't know I was doing a
pretty good job did you see it all the
sideways beyond yeah I think I need
around my chakra how long have you drive
my truck off the sig tell him about 5-6
days here's egg and I that serving I
folate it took 20 minutes for good she
could come out to us as a church this is
a back road right here country show you
killed
where you killed headquarters all right
5.7 Hemi gonna burn out good I'll pie
and that's a beat mark that was hot crap
sir I peace out awesome I like a pig
later guys